$$$Dialog on a Canvas with a Machine
$$$https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04386.pdf

We propose a new form of human-machine interaction. It is a pictorial game
consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. They
repetitively paint one after the other. At its rounds, the computer partially completes
the drawing using machine learning algorithms, and projects its additions directly
on the canvas, which the artists are free to insert or modify. Alongside fostering
creativity, the process is designed to question the growing interaction between
humans and machines.

***

With the on-going technological revolution, the human-machine interaction is
deeply evolving. Hence art creation could benefit of new tools while simultaneously supporting
thoughts of how these interactions are affecting humans.
Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. For instance were able to generate aesthetic full-stack painting. Yet in these, humans are either
engineers or curators. 

***

In this work, we propose a new utilisation of the machine, integrating it at the
core of a human creative process. The idea is to suggest to humans, while painting, ramifications and
directions of their on-going artwork. In the following, we approach this generic idea under a specific
interactive framework.

***

The artists found the machine strokes surprising and suggestive of move
they would not have done by themselves. Actually, some painters have expressed how evocative
unintended strokes could be. Our installation where the machine projects completions
without painting, combined with generative network capability, allows to explore that in a principled
way. Furthermore, the ability to change parameters, such as the learning data set or the amount of
completion, adds more degree for the human to control their use of the machine.

***

From an outside perspective, the machine distorts their original painting style, both on the short term
artworks resulting from their interaction (see Figure 2), and on their long term body of work as it
inspired them on their machine-free paintings. As such, the interaction is not innocuous, even though,
contrarily to our daily experience, we have made the machine impact as explicit as possible with its
recognizable blue contributions.


