$$$Abstraction
$$$https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03310.pdf

In this article we revisit the concept of abstraction as it is used in visualization and put it on a solid
formal footing. While the term abstraction is utilized in many scientific disciplines, arts, as well as
everyday life, visualization inherits the notion of data abstraction or class abstraction from computer
science, topological abstraction from mathematics, and visual abstraction from arts. All these notions
have a lot in common, yet there is a major discrepancy in the terminology and basic understanding
about visual abstraction in the context of visualization. We thus root the notion of abstraction in the
philosophy of science, clarify the basic terminology, and provide crisp definitions of visual abstraction
as a process. Furthermore, we clarify how it relates to similar terms often used interchangeably in the
field of visualization. Visual abstraction is characterized by a conceptual space where this process
exists, by the purpose it should serve, and by the perceptual and cognitive qualities of the beholder.
These characteristics can be used to control the process of visual abstraction to produce effective and
informative visual representations.

***

The term abstraction often lacks a precise definition in many fields. While several fields have defined the term for their
own purposes, there is only a vague understanding of its meaning that is shared by all fields. Some scientific disciplines
and scholarly fields have adjusted the vaguely understood meaning to fit the needs of the respective discipline or field. In
this article we first present our key definitions related to visual abstraction, and we then provide the justification for the
definitions. 

***


An abstraction is a process that transforms a source thing into a less concrete sign thing of the source
thing. Abstraction uses a concept of point-of-view, which determines which aspects of source thing should be preserved
in its sign thing and which should be suppressed.

***


A data representation is a sign thing that stands in digital form for a referent thing from reality or another
sign thing, using data structures or concept things. Similarly, a visual representation is a sign thing that stands for a
referent from reality or another sign thing so that it can be visually perceived and cognitively processed by a human
observer.

***


A visualization is a process that transforms data representations of a thing from reality into visual
representations. Visualization is a process that is intended to be a meaningful visual abstraction process. The designers
of visualization processes must understand the point-of-view component and tasks. Otherwise, they would not reach the
full meaningfulness intended.

***

In computer science, the term abstraction achieves yet another flavor of its meaning. In object-oriented design, the
most frequently used programming methodology, it primarily relates to the definition of classes and methods that
cannot be instantiated. Typically, classes and methods are hierarchically grouped into increasingly abstract constructs
such that implementations of particular functionality can be shared among many different elements. While for most
of these classes it is possible to create instances, an abstract class is a construct that itself cannot be instantiated but
which organizes the functionality into a comprehensive representation. The class hierarchy as the outcome of such
abstraction gives a clear understanding of differences in functionality among various classes as well as what they have
in common. It also facilitates further extensibility of existing code to support new cases that were not considered in the
initial software design.

***

The intuitive understanding of abstraction has been reinforced by this brief excursion into various fields and that stand
and argue for abstraction. We can observe that the term is not used uniformly and that it is frequently exchanged
with other terms. The recurrent pattern is that abstraction relates to formation of some higher-order constructs or
representations that are result of a transformation of lower-level entities. The lowest entities are more tangible, while
the higher levels of the abstraction hierarchy are further removed from tangibility and become more mental constructs
and concepts  that, in one way or another, allow humans to recognize certain
characteristics clearer than the lower-level representations. The ability to abstract seems to be one of the core properties
of humans, present while shaping the entire body of analytical knowledge humankind has formed throughout our
history.

