{0: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. ', 1: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. ', 2: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. ', 3: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. ', 4: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. ', 5: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. ', 6: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. Hence art creation could benefit of new tools while simultaneously supporting thoughts of how these interactions are affecting humans. ', 7: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. ', 8: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. ', 9: 'based on position and normal guidance Given a point cloud our algorithm is able to recognize multiscale ridge-valley features by judging the distance from the current point to the curvature extreme point. In addition, subsequent processing, such as resampling and smooth filtering, may further damage these features. A simple and effective ridge-valley point. It is a pictorial game consisting of interactive rounds of creation between artists and a machine. Recently, GANs put a spotlight on the creative power of neural networks. '}